adjust qualifications for grace period (#6502)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/accounts/quotas/manage-event-stream-guide.mdx

## Grace Period

> All accounts have access to a one-time grace period. This means that if an account depletes its error event volume and has never previously triggered a grace period, we continue to accept events for the next three days at a maximum rate of 10,000 events per hour. If you choose not to increase your error volume, Sentry will stop accepting events for the remainder of the current billing month. However, if you increase your volume, error events accepted during the grace period will be counted as consumed volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All accounts get a one-time grace period. This means that if an account depletes its error event volume and has never previously triggered a grace period, we continue to accept events for the next three days at a maximum rate of 10,000 events per hour. If you choose not to increase your error volume, Sentry will stop accepting events for the remainder of the current billing month. However, if you increase your volume, error events accepted during the grace period will be counted as consumed volume.
```
